tracdens                        int
tracdens_min                    real
tracs_fence_enable              bool
do_stokes                       bool
do_advect                       bool
do_heatdiff                     bool
do_subgrid_heatdiff             bool
tstep_[adv|dif]_[max|min]       real
tstep_modifier                  real
output_numpy                    bool
output_stride                   int
  if negative, use 'output_stride_ma'
output_stride_ma                real
output_outdir                   str
tdep_rho                        bool
tdep_eta                        bool
eta[min|max]                    real
Tref                            real
force_trac2grid                 bool
  force trac2grid interpolation even if there is no advection
max_it                          int
max_time                        real
surface_stabilization           bool
surfstab_theta                  real
surfstab_tstep                  real
  if negative, a dynamic tstep is used
do_profiling                    bool

bc_internal_type                int
  0 = disabled
  1 = keep material zero at T=273K

bcstokes                        array<enum>
  From pylamp_stokes, BC_TYPE_
  NOSLIP
  FREESLIP
  CYCLIC: values same than at the opposite boundary
  FLOWTHRU: zero normal stress OR given normal velocity

  FLOWTHRU is to be added (summed) to FREESLIP or NOSLIP value,
  not used alone.

  Given as list of length [num of boundaries]. 
  Boundary numbering: DIM*[side] + DIR, e.g. DIM*1 + IZ is the
  right (lower) vertical boundary.

bcstokesvals                    array<>
  Used in case of FLOWTHRU, otherwise N/A

  Given as list of length [num of boundaries]
  Boundary numbering as in bcstokes.

  All elements in the list can be 
  None: means N/A (default)
  np.ndarray: one element for each grid point along this boundary, with
  - np.nan: zero normal stress
  - real: use this as normal velocity


bcheat                          array<enum>
  From pylamp_diff, BC_TYPE_
  FIXTEMP
  FIXFLOW
  
  Given as list of length [num of boundaries]
  Boundary numbering as in bcstokes.

bcheatvals                      array<real>
  Either temperature or heat flow value
  
  Given as list of length [num of boundaries]
  Boundary numbering as in bcstokes.




Material properties:
 - TR_RHO *
 - TR_ETA *
 - TR_HCD
 - TR_HCP
 - TR_RH0
 - TR_ALP
 - TR_ACE
 - TR_ET0
 - TR_IHT

Other tracer functions
 - TR_MAT
 - TR_TMP 
 - TR__ID 
 - TR_MRK
